who got a new pickup from hiphopiop well
actually it's my first pick up and yet
got to pink dolphin hoodies pretty dope
you know first is the gray one and then
pink and green and navy grey they got a
the pink dolphin tag so that came on
point they got the pink dolphin tag on
the bottom so that's on point the back
at some point too i think i believe so
true to size you know Judis eyes and on
to this one this is a size small by the
way both of them are you got the black
pink dolphin hoodie pink blue aqua aqua
turquoise whatever at the same pink
dolphin tag got the same one on the
bottom and yeah and the one on the back
and shout out to hiphopiop or man
for giving me good price on these
headies hooking it up are there any
flaws i'm not sure they look pretty much
on point darling little concern i have
is this one you see how it's cut out i
don't know if it's like that for the
legit ones it's like cut out
and then this one is just like fully
like none of its cut out no it's fully
like laminated on there's no cut out on
any of it so I don't know if that's how
it was meant to be but if it isn't and
you know it's just a little flaw most of
it's on point and uh yes that's it till
next time